---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Kirikiri and KAG License Terms
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            2005/7/21 W.Dee

  Please read the following license carefully before using this software.
  If you do not agree with the following license, you cannot use this software.

  Please note that Kirikiri1 and Kirikiri2 have different licenses.
This license applies to Kirikiri2 (including KAG 3).


? Dual License

  This software is provided under a dual license: the Kirikiri License below and
the GNU General Public License (GNU GPL). Users can choose either this license or
GNU GPL, and use this software according to the chosen license.

  Regarding GNU GPL, please refer to www.gnu.org or the attached

  gpl-2e-plain.txt (English)
  gpl-2j-plain.txt (Japanese)

  Some Kirikiri-related tools are provided under different licenses (please read
their respective documentation).



---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following describes the Kirikiri License terms.
For matters not specified here, applicable copyright laws shall apply.


? Copyright

  The copyright of this software belongs to W.Dee.


? Usage

  This software can be used free of charge. Users are not required to pay any
fees to the author of this software.
  This applies regardless of the usage purpose (commercial, free, shareware, etc.).

  "Users" here includes both end-users who use products created with this software
and users who utilize this software's source code.


? License Termination

  If a user violates this license, the user's right to use this software will be
immediately terminated without notice. In case of license termination, the user
must immediately delete all parts related to this software from both this software
and the user's products created using this software.


? Warranty and Responsibility

  This software comes with no warranty. The author of this software is not
responsible for any damages caused by any person or organization.
  Additionally, the author assumes no responsibility for version updates, bug
fixes, or any other maintenance of this software.


? Copyright Display and Usage Notification

  When using this software, there is no obligation to notify secondary users that
this software was used. Also, there is no obligation to notify the author of this
software that it is being used.

  The copyright notice included in the software and Kirikiri's version resource
(containing version numbers) may be modified for redistribution.
  Also, you may modify to prevent the display of copyright information that appears
when Kirikiri is launched with the '-about' option.

  As an exception, if documentation distributed to secondary users includes notes
about using Kirikiri and that version details can be viewed by launching Kirikiri
with the '-about' option, you may distribute it with the version resource removed.


? Secondary Distribution

  This software cannot be redistributed without accepting this license agreement.
Also, you cannot impose arbitrary conditions on the distribution of this software
itself (except for necessary media costs).

  However, the following exceptions apply:

   ?Kirikiri2 execution core (krkr.eXe)
   ?Kirikiri plugins included in the Kirikiri SDK distribution
   ?KAG system (files under kag3\template)
   ?KAG plugins included in the Kirikiri SDK distribution

  Files falling under the above items can be distributed without accepting this
license agreement, along with the user's products that utilize these execution
cores. In this case, the distribution as a whole can be distributed under the
user-specified distribution license. The user-specified distribution license may
be paid or free, and may be open-source or closed-source.
  However, this does not mean changing the license of the above items themselves.
When these execution cores or systems are distributed separately or reconsidered
for distribution, they retain their original license.

  The Kirikiri Configuration tool (??????.exe) can be distributed without
accepting this license agreement only when distributed for the purpose of allowing
secondary users to configure Kirikiri themselves.

  The File Destruction Check Tool can be distributed without accepting this
license agreement only when distributed for the purpose of allowing users to
check file destruction themselves.


? Usage, Modification, and License Changes

  This software is open-source. The software's source can be obtained from the
Kirikiri Support Page, or if that's not possible, by contacting the author.

  The source of this software, or parts thereof, can be used or incorporated into
other software. This applies regardless of whether it's open-source or closed-source.
  Usage here includes incorporating parts of this software into other software.

  You may modify and distribute this software, but in such cases, it must be
distributed under the same license as this software or under a license specifically
approved by the author of this software.

  Modification means making changes to this software. However, modifications to
binary files distributed by the author of this software as-is (customization
changes using tools, version resource changes allowed under the [Copyright Display
and Usage Notification] section above) are not considered modifications.

  In cases of usage or modification, you must either note in your documentation
that you are using source or binary from this software, or contact and confirm
with the author of this software before distribution, whichever is appropriate.
  Regarding the latter, those external to the project may choose to disclose the
list of software where "contact and confirmation with the author before
distribution" was performed only to interested parties.

  However, as an exception, while the KAG system (files under kag3\template) is
open-source, there are no restrictions on its usage or modification.


? Plugin Creation

  To create plugins, you may use tp_stub.h, tp_stub.cpp, and tvpsnd.h included
in Kirikiri's source.
  When these files are incorporated into plugins specifically for plugin creation
purposes, this is not considered "usage" as described above. Therefore, in this
case, you are not required to either note in your documentation that you are using
source from this software or contact and confirm with the author before
distribution. Also, you are not required to make your plugin's source open.
  However, if you incorporate parts of Kirikiri's source other than these files
into your plugin, or if you use these files for purposes other than plugin
creation, it will be considered "usage" as described above.


? Patch/Code Application

  When patches or additional code from persons other than the author are applied
to the original source of this software and fed back to the author (contributed),
it is assumed that these patches or code can be applied under the same license as
this software (dual license of GNU GPL and this license).


? License Changes by the Author

  The author of this software reserves the right to modify/change this license
without notice. However, this does not extend to applying new licenses to old
versions of the software that were distributed with previous licenses.


? Regarding ERI (Entis Rasterized Image)

  The Kirikiri core includes the runtime library for "Entis Rasterized Image"
image format by L.Entis. If you use this format, please comply with the separate
ERI license. If you don't use this format, this doesn't apply.
  For details, please refer to the ERI club
  http://www.entis.jp/eri/


? Author Contact

  W.Dee <dee@kikyou.info>
  Kirikiri Download Page: http://kikyou.info/tvp/